Amazon SQS Connector in New Template (#379)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/amazon/amazon-sqs-connector-config-topics.adoc

= Amazon SQS Additional Configuration Information - Mule 4
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../../assets/images/

== Creating the FIFO Queue

> To create the FIFO queue, use the *Create queue* operation in the connector, and set the *FifoQueue* and *ContentBasedDeduplication* field values to true.

Reviewer: These should probably all be steps since it seems to be a procedure

> End the *queue name* with the `.fifo` extension. For example,  `MyTestFIFOQueue.fifo`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
End the *queue name* with the `.fifo` extension. For example, `MyTestFIFOQueue.fifo`.
```

> While creating the FIFO queues, choose either of the two regions: US East (Ohio) or US West (Oregon). Amazon only supports these two regions for FIFO queues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choose one of the two supported regions: US East (Ohio), or US West (Oregon).
```

Author: Reworded but left in Amazon since this is an Amazon restriction.

> When using Amazon SQS Connector to send messages to the FIFO queue, use the same queue URL and region name that you used when creating the FIFO Queue. You also have to provided a value for the attribute `message group id` in the connector configuration while sending messages.

Reviewer: You must also provide a value for the `message group id` attribute in the connector configuration.

== Next

> After you read this topic, you can try

Reviewer: Self-referential ("this topic")
I would say something like "After you create the FIFO queue, you can try..."

= Amazon SQS Additional Configuration Information - Mule 4
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../../assets/images/

== Creating the FIFO Queue

To create the FIFO queue, use the *Create queue* operation in the connector, and set the *FifoQueue* and *ContentBasedDeduplication* field values to true.

> End the *queue name* with the `.fifo` extension. For example, `MyTestFIFOQueue.fifo`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
End the *queue name* value with the `.fifo` extension: for example, `MyTestFIFOQueue.fifo`.
```

While creating the FIFO queues, choose either of the two regions that Amazon supports:

* US_EAST_2 (US East Ohio)
* US_WEST_2 (US West Oregon)

When using Amazon SQS Connector to send messages to the FIFO queue, use the same queue URL and region name that you used when creating the FIFO queue. You must also provide a value for the attribute `message group id` in the connector configuration while sending messages.

== Next

After you create the FIFO queue, you can try

> the Amazon SQS Connector xref:amazon/amazon-sqs-connector-examples.adoc[Amazon SQS Connector Examples].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the xref:amazon/amazon-sqs-connector-examples.adoc[Amazon SQS Connector Examples].
```
